So we learn that we can use property binding to bind to our own properties properties of our components.
Now this is what I'll start with.
So to temporarily prevent my app from crashing I will simply comment out the code in the cockpit so
that this doesn't give us any arrows anymore.
For now we won't be able to use it but it will not crash.
Now in the server components or element component if we have a look at its typescript at its metafile
excuse me you'll see that we try to access the element the single element is single server element and
therefore we should create a property in this type script file element which represents our server.
We can even assign a type by adding a colon and then simply defining the type which will be accomplished
with object and stickily braces.
And just because it's important does it's not the value does typescript syntax for defining the type
to make sure that element may only have this type and we then know that the element will have well what
we're trying to access here.
A type a name and a content so will have a type and type on its own will be of type String.
We will then have a name which will be a string and we'll have a content which will be a string.
So is all now our type definition for a property we want to use in our age email account we use year
in all these places now still this element this property is part of this component only of the server
element component.
We can't access it from outside.
Now it would be great if in our component where we manage our server or our array of server elements
I should say if he could somehow access this property because let's say just so that we can see something
we start with one server a year which is of type server has a name of test server and a content of just
a test.
And just to be super clear does Kolins here are not type definitions.
We're on the right side of the equals sign.
So here we are assigning a value and the value here simply as a javascript object and in javascript
objects we simply assign key value pairs or we create key value pairs by having the key then Nicollet
and then the value.
So normal javascript syntax here.
So now we get our server elements array.
We're looping frood is a year on the app server element in any app server element.
We have our aliment property.
So a property in that component.
Now we want to access this component from outside.
So it would be great if we could bind to it just like we were able to bind to disabled.
So maybe add square brackets add entered the name of the property in between.
So the name of the property in the component year this name and then assign the server element so simply
the element we store for each iteration in this variable here what the great if it could do this.
And if we try this and our app reloads we see that we get an error that we can't bind to element because
it isn't a known property of app server element.
Now you would say that is not true.
It is a property of Sir element here.
We defined it as a property.
It's even public right.
We didn't at private in front of it or anything like that.
So why can't we accept some law answer because by default all properties or components are only accessible
inside these components not from outside.
And that generally is a good thing.
You don't want to make all your properties buying the bull from outside.
So you have to be explicit about which properties you want to expose to the to the world so to say.
So you want to allow parent components to be able to bind to this property.
You need to add something to that element property.
You need to add a decorator.
Remember I said that decorators are not only available for classes.
Here we're going to add onto this property the decorator we need to add is at input here important you
need to execute it.
It's like a function in the end.
So add parentheses and input now needs to be imported from at angular core.
With this in place now we are successfully exposing this property to the world.
So now any parent component any component hosting our server element component so implementing it through
its selector like we do here is now able to bind to element and I can demonstrate as if we save this
you now see just that last year you see our component because now we replicate this component for well
each element in the array and we successfully can pass the element the property down to that component
and bind to the element property in that component.
And this is how you can set up custom property binding on your own events exposing your own properties
to the components where you implement these components through the selector